[Docs] fix good_first_issue link in the contribution md doc (#1022)
apache/datafusion-ballista: docs/source/community/communication.md

Our source code is hosted on
[GitHub](https://github.com/apache/arrow-datafusion). More information on contributing is in
the [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/apache/arrow-datafusion/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

> , and we have curated a [good-first-issue](https://github.com/apache/datafusion-ballista/labels/good%20first%20issue)

Reviewer: GitHub provides a `/contribute` url that lists good first issues:

```suggestion
, and we have curated a [good-first-issue](https://github.com/apache/datafusion-ballista/contribute)
```

Author: Didn't know it, thank you, merged.
